Create a blog to keep track of upcoming kubeCon EU activities related to Istio (#14503)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2024/kubecon-eu/index.md

---
title: "Istio in Paris! See you at KubeCon Europe 2024"
description: Amazing lineup of Istio activities at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon.
publishdate: 2024-01-19
attribution: "Istio Steering Committee"
keywords: [Istio Day,Istio,conference,KubeCon,CloudNativeCon]
---

There will be lots of Istio-related activity at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe in Paris! We'll keep this page updated with more details as they are published.

{{< image width="75%"
    link="./KubeConParis.png"
    alt="KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe, March 19-22, 2024, Paris, France. #kubecon"
    >}}

> - Come to the [IstioDay](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/co-located-events/istio-day/) co-located event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Come to the [Istio Day](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/co-located-events/istio-day/) co-located event
```

> - Attend the co-located ObservabilityDay session related to Istio: [A Practical Guide on How to Monitor and Compare Service Mesh Infrastructure Costs - Lin Sun, Solo.io](https://colocatedeventseu2024.sched.com/event/1YFf2/cl-lightning-talk-a-practical-guide-on-how-to-monitor-and-compare-service-mesh-infrastructure-costs-lin-sun-soloio?iframe=no)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attend the co-located Observability Day session related to Istio: [A Practical Guide on How to Monitor and Compare Service Mesh Infrastructure Costs - Lin Sun, Solo.io](https://colocatedeventseu2024.sched.com/event/1YFf2/cl-lightning-talk-a-practical-guide-on-how-to-monitor-and-compare-service-mesh-infrastructure-costs-lin-sun-soloio?iframe=no)
```
